Update README.md (#25)
Optum/long-medical-document-lms: README.md

- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Citation](#citation)

### Quick Start

> To run the Masked Sampling Procedure (MSP) to generate sentence-level explanations of a document-level classifier, `cd` to `explain`, then run `python explain_with_msp.py`.  Adjust `explain/params.yml` to provide your data and model as input.  To learn more about this repository, the specific environment used to run MSP and train models, as well as how MSP was evaluated, check out the following sections of this README.

Author: ```suggestion
To run the Masked Sampling Procedure (MSP) to generate sentence-level explanations of a document-level classifier, `cd` to `explain`, then run `python explain_with_msp.py`.  Adjust `explain/params.yml` to provide your data and model as input.  To learn more about this repository, the recommended environment to run MSP, the option to train your own models with this repository, and how MSP was evaluated, check out the following sections of this README.
```

> To run the Masked Sampling Procedure (MSP) to generate sentence-level explanations of a document-level classifier, `cd` to `explain`, then run `python explain_with_msp.py`.  Adjust `explain/params.yml` to provide your data and model as input.  To learn more about this repository, the recommended environment to run MSP, the option to train your own models with this repository, and how MSP was evaluated, check out the following sections of this README.

Author: ```suggestion
To run the Masked Sampling Procedure (MSP) to generate sentence-level explanations of a document-level classifier, `cd` to `explain`, then run `python explain_with_msp.py`.  Adjust `explain/params.yml` to provide your data and model as input, or test MSP using the default options (requires access to [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/models)).  To learn more about this repository, the recommended environment to run MSP, the option to train your own models with this repository, and how MSP was evaluated, check out the following sections of this README.
```
